Wait. wait.
We've got at least 16 guards
on site. four vehicles primed.
Konrad's moving guns.
Lots of them.
He's a real piece of work.
He's up to his ears in scanners
and other jamming technology.
so we're gonna lose comms
the moment we're inside.
Question. Do we ever
get any days off?
-You're such a millennial. Nile.
-Hey. it's a fair question.
Nile. we didn't
have any days off
when we were the new ones.
All right. Joe. Nicky.
you guys take the hedge maze.
What?
Really?
Don't worry.
-It's not going to be like 1853.
-What are you guys talking about?
There was a cannon.
We didn't see it.
It was Booker.
His head was blown clean off by a
cannon. We couldn't find it in the maze.
And he couldn't help.
for obvious reasons.
You think he's okay?
Let's do this. guys.
Let us know if you
put eyes on Konrad.
Two guards have moved
to the waterfront.
No sign of the big man yet.
Hey.
-He's only got one weapon.
-You sure?
Do I need to remind you
you're not immortal?
Fair enough.
All right. guys.
You know what to do.
Get as many guards to
chase you as you can.
♪ I make it look good ♪
♪ I make it look easy… ♪
-This one is mine!
-No. no. no!
♪ I make it look good ♪
♪ Last name. Danger ♪
♪ Got a dead man on my back… ♪
It worked. They're
heading your way.
They're supposed to follow
us. not to catch us.
♪ I make it look easy… ♪
All right. We're heading in.
♪ Easy ♪
♪ I make it look good ♪
What? No sex swing?
You must have seen some bad
art in your time. haven't you?
This bad? Not in
at least a century.
Weapons being loaded.
They're on the move.
Commotion must've spooked 'em.
I need to remind you.
you're not immortal either.
-Shall I?
-Nope. I always go first.
Nicky.
Slow down. Joe! Slow down!
Let's give these guys a run.
Ah shit!
Fuck!
Konrad's upstairs.
Get in! Get in! Get in!
Nicolò.
-You okay?
-Yeah.
-Move.
-Stay on my six.
Sixteen guards. huh?
Go easy. CIA never
taught him how to count.
Can we just. you know. do this?
Looks good on you.
We're all set.
My CIA contact will be
here in seven minutes.
He'll make sure the
weapons are collected.
Okay. let's start walking.
♪ Whoa! I'm a big bag
hunter With the bow ♪
♪ She got a big bad
dumper. drop it low ♪
♪ Mama called me And she
happy with the grow ♪
♪ Never ever fold for a
thottie That's an oath ♪
Shh!
You gonna call it?
-I'm thinking.
-She has tells.
Took me centuries to
learn them. She has tells.
-No one can read Andy.
-No. I think I can.
Yeah.
-Yeah?
-Oh yeah.
She's telling the truth.
-Last two rounds.
-Her left eye twitched last two rounds.
The left eye.
What?
-Bullshit.
-You sure?
Bullshit.
Thank you.
You know the worst part
about being mortal?
Just the fucking hangovers.
Too brutal. man. I don't know.
-What the...
-I don't know how you do it.
Be right back.
Whoo! The drinking is fun.
-Who you texting?
-It's my new boyfriend.
Come on. Let's go to bed.
Sure. have another glass.
You'll snore all
night like a boar.
Wow.
You sleep talk all night.
-Ciao.
-Good night.
You did real good today.
Even though I drove a boat
halfway into the villa?
Hey. listen. sometimes
quick is better than subtle.
Oh! Today's lesson?
Yes. it is.
You know. you joke a lot. but…
How are you doing?
Me?
I'm really happy.
I'm at peace.
Didn't look peaceful when you were
throwing that guy out the window.
It wasn't supposed to be.
Send it now.
I mean. I'm mortal.
I'm not retired.
My contact confirmed that
Konrad wasn't the buyer.
Just a conduit. like
the others last month.
So who is? And what are they
doing with all that artillery?
The real buyer is elusive.
Leaves almost no trace.
This CCTV photo is all
they're able to get me.
Hey.
What?
-You know this woman?
-Yeah.
I mean no. No. I…
I think I recognize her.
I've dreamt about her.
I didn't think it meant
anything. It wasn't clear.
Okay. just… tell me
exactly what you saw.
This woman.
She's. um…
She's in a room.
an ancient room.
surrounded by books.
She's here. isn't she?
And there's someone
else there. A…
A man. but…
…I can't see his face.
But the books. I
think they're his.
None of you had a choice.
She's hurting him.
And then…
And then what?
And then I wake up.
Think it means something?
I don't know.
There's not enough data yet
to get facial recognition.
but the moment they
do. I'll let you know.
Great. Thanks. Copley.
Hey. Don't worry
about this. okay?
We'll figure it out.
Booker.
It's nice to finally meet you.
I've been waiting
for a very long time.
Quynh?
So…
How do I find Andromache?
So. do you have any
idea where we can go?
I was thinking of
having some time alone.
Huh.
Just a little time for myself.
Okay.
Thanks.
You're coming with me.
I am?
I need your help.
Try and have some
fun without me.
Bye. boss.
Nile.
Don't worry. okay?
Enjoy yourself.
What's up with Joe? Did
something happen after the wreck?
He said he wanted
some time alone.
You're not okay with that?
I know this man
a thousand years.
I know when he's lying.
-Thank you.
-We're following him.
What?
Come on.
Again. do you know
where Andromache is?
It doesn't matter if I do.
I'm in exile.
-But you can find her.
-Are you listening to what I say?
I'm exiled.
How'd you find me?
You made it easy.
Staggering around
Paris drunk for months.
It's a miracle you
weren't discovered.
So you bringing me here is…
Is you doing me a favor. right?
Yeah.
I'm sorry. I'm
telling you the truth.
I'm out of it.
You wanna know where Andy is?
This is not the way to do it.
He will need clean clothes.
Has she spoken of me?
She never stopped.
All that time.
with every last breath I took.
I imagined she was
trapped somewhere
in the same hell as me.
All I wanted
was to get out and
release her from it.
Just to find out
she'd been free for 500 years.
She was living in
her own kind of hell.
Now. that's hard to believe.
Merci.
Not much of an exile
if you're dropping in
to deliver groceries.
Booker's alone.
Nicky. caro. what…
-He's alone.
-Yeah.
And you were the one
screaming for his head.
We abandoned him.
He made his choice. Joe.
when he shot Andy and
betrayed all of us.
Guys. something's
happened. He's not here.
There's blood on the
wall. blood on the floors.
When is the last time
you talked to him?
-Joe.
-No reason in pretending now. Joe.
I don't know. A
week… a week ago.
He was fine… I don't...
We gotta tell Andy. but it
keeps going to voicemail.
Come on. We'll
meet them at Echo.
-Nicky. Nicky!
-Come on. Come on.
All this way. and you still haven't
told me who it is we're meeting.
I made a promise the last time I saw
him that I would protect his secret.
It's just around
this corner here.
Actually. I think maybe I should
just check in with him first.
-Yeah.
-See if this is okay.
Of course. I'll be on call.
Okay.
Andromache.
You were expecting me?
Let's just say
I'm not surprised.
Thank you.
You're still wearing
Quynh's necklace.
Do you still dream
about everyone?
I keep tabs.
-Do you know about Nile?
-Nile Freeman.
I do.
Well. she's been
dreaming about a woman.
A woman who was here with you.
I thought maybe
you'd know something.
Why don't you come
to the library?
I think we should talk.
So do I.
You know. Tuah. I almost completely
stopped believing in our purpose
until a friend of mine
discovered a ripple effect.
Where's this friend?
So. uh.
how old are you. then?
Let's just say 2.300
for a round number.
You?
I'm 43.
Impressive.
Uh…
This is…
All about immortals?
Yes. our place in history.
The facts and fictions
that have found their way
into the writings of cultures
and civilizations…
the world over.
Evidence of what you found out
within 43 short years.
Cause and effect.
A life saved in Ghana…
Leads to a Nobel Prize in
medicine three generations later.
What happened over there?
Those volumes were
stolen by one of us.
The woman Nile's
been dreaming about?
I've written books on
every single immortal.
You. your friends.
the work that they...
Who is she. Tuah?
She's gone by many
names over the years.
She goes by Discord now.
Sounds ominous.
As it should.
She was the first of
our kind that I had met.
A long time ago.
How long?
She is older than any of us.
She is the first
of the immortals.
No.
No. Andromache is the first.
What are you saying?
I… I… I found no trace
of anyone earlier.
-By design.
-What do you mean. "by design"?
There was a time where we
walked together peacefully.
But over the centuries.
we saw how fear of
those who are different
can turn even good men cruel.
We have to do something.
They're like us.
Please! No! No!
Such evil cannot be unseen.
No! No! No!
Quynh!
That was the day you saved me.
She was there too?
Yes.
Afterwards. I retreated
to my books. my research.
And Discord retreated too.
Then she spent the next five centuries
amassing untold wealth and power
so as not to fear
enemy or attack.
Dealing arms with
people like Konrad.
What does she want
from us. Tuah?
I don't know.
She's not the same
person that I once knew.
And now that she knows your
histories. your relationships.
I believe that all of
you could be in danger.
It's been millennia
since I've been afraid.
But I am scared of
what she is capable of.
and so should you.
Tuah.
Do you think there's a chance
she might know that I've
lost my immortality?
How long has it been?
Around six months.
Andromache.
I think you should pack a bag.
I already have.
Because I knew what
you were gonna say.
No. You thought you
knew what I'd say.
You lied to us.
They're back.
-Hey.
Who's this?
This is Tuah. an
old friend of mine.
"An old friend"?
You knew there was another.
and you never told us?
Boss. you lied to us?
I didn't lie. I...
A lie of omission
is still a lie.
In Andromache's defense. I asked
her not to tell anyone of me.
Something's happened to Booker.
What?
-Did you go see him?
-It's not like that.
Yusuf went to see him. They've
been talking the entire time.
-We went to his place in Paris.
-Blood everywhere.
Discord.
Possibly.
What else do we know about her?
I mean. where she lives. her…
Her habits. her MO.
It's Booker.
Don't worry. boss. We got this.
We have to.
Thanks for coming.
-Joe.
-Hey.
-What happened?
-Hmm.
I need to see Andy.
Andy.
She's out.
What?
Quynh.
She couldn't find
you. so she found me.
Andromache.
I have returned to a world
darker than the tomb
I finally escaped.
only to learn you have
gone on living in it freely
all these centuries.
I need to hear the words that
will free me from my true prison.
That of a broken promise.
You and me.
Until the end.
Find me where you always could.
I have to go meet her.
-Andy. don't.
-It's Quynh.
Give her space. Nile.
Andy. she could have reached
out to you in a million ways.
Instead. she kidnaps Booker and
does all this for face time?
That seem sane to you?
For 1.500 years. it was just her and
me. What do you know about her. Nile?
I know you can die and I can't.
And I know your head's not on
straight when it comes to her.
So tell me. if our places were
swapped. would you let me go alone?
So I guess you must be. uh.
Tuah. right?
It's good to meet you
finally. Sébastien.
-Do you mind if I call you Booker?
-Whichever you like.
How long are you guys
gonna keep this up?
This whole cold
shoulder bit. Hmm?
How do we know you haven't
sold us out again. Book?
Come on.
Well. I. uh…
I guess you don't.
Andromache.
This is not who you are.
Woke up alone in the car.
Thought you ditched me.
Thought about it.
Anything I can do?
Can you give me
back five centuries?
Wish I could.
What if she doesn't
recognize me?
I don't mean physically. but…
Who I've become.
What if I don't recognize her?
Andy. I've never
seen you like this.
I've been like this
for hundreds of years.
I'll be right behind you.
Okay.
Excuse me. can I use
this phone for a second?
Of course.
I don't know how to…
There are no words to
explain how I failed you.
Can you imagine it?
Trapped
in the dark.
Every muscle
screaming for air.
My life returning
just long enough…
To remember.
to hope.
I'm so sorry.
How long have you been back?
Months.
Why didn't you come
find me sooner?
You couldn't even find me
in one small area of ocean.
I searched.
I did. I searched
for centuries...
But you stopped.
Quynh.
Look at me.
You once told me…
The only thing you
fear is being alone.
The way it was before we
found each other. Andromache.
-I am alone.
-You're not.
You have me.
You have Joe and Nicky.
Quynh.
Come home.
You can join us.
You're asking me to join you
and your endless war?
Huh?
Fight beside you?
Fight for mortals. the ones who drowned
me in a coffin at the bottom of the sea?
You have no idea
what has happened.
I can't…
I can't leave them.
I'm not…
What?
Looks like you have
made your decision.
Don't.
Quynh. wait.
Stay back.
Quynh.
Wait. I don't wanna fight.
I remember the woman I gave that
necklace to a long time ago.
And you're not her.
Shit! Andy.
Hey!
Shut it down.
Discord's here.
Nile! No. no. no.
That's Nile?
What do you know about Nile?
Discord.
That's how you got out?
You're with Discord.
Stop!
Stop.
I curse you for
all your lifetimes!
Clever. Hiding in a church.
But you can't stay here forever.
I didn't think we'd
be meeting so soon.
I was there. you know.
I can still remember it.
The acrid stench
of hate in the air.
Tell me. Nile Freeman.
how does a good Christian girl like
you stomach what Andromache's doing?
Playing God with mankind.
We're not playing God.
We're helping. We're
doing what's right.
Did it feel right leaving
your family behind?
Letting them think
you were dead?
That's what she made
you do. isn't it?
That was my decision. my choice.
None of you had a choice.
Not with her.
Andromache's obsession with
interfering with human affairs
is the reason we're hunted.
You will make your friends stop
or I will.
You are the last immortal.
There will be none
born after you.
And you have a power you
can't even imagine yet.
One day you'll understand.
You and I are going to end
immortal interference together.
I'm not doing anything with you.
We're connected.
Do you have a birthmark
on your left arm?
The first immortal
and the last.
I'll see you soon. Nile.
Clearly Discord has
the ability to find us.
But now we have all the
surveillance footage from Rome.
Next time Discord or
Quynh walks past a camera.
we'll know where they are.
-Well. that's something.
-What does it mean?
"I'm the last."
Discord knows something
about you we don't.
and we need to figure it out.
So what do we do about Quynh?
I don't know.
Booker.
Are you working on something?
Always.
Tell me something.
At any point.
has Nile ever wounded Andy?
Yeah. When they first
met. they fought.
Uh. Nile stabbed Andy.
Why?
Well. I. uh…
I have a theory that that is the reason
why Andy has lost her immortality.
What are you talking about?
Any day. any one of us
could wake up mortal. right?
Nothing that lives…
lives forever.
There was a legend
that Discord and I had
heard of centuries ago.
It tells
that a wound from
the last immortal
has the power to take away
anyone else's immortality.
So Nile is the
reason Andy's mortal?
Hmm.
Well. I believe that
Discord is going to use Nile
to try to kill all of us.
But there's more.
The legend also states
that the wounded immortal
may bestow the gift of immortality
to another before it is lost.
A transfer.
Precisely.
But it has to be
willingly given.
So Andy could… become
immortal again?
If one of us become mortal. yes.
But again.
it's just a theory.
Andy?
Can I talk to you for a sec?
Sure.
I just wanted to tell you.
after all of this is over.
I'll probably go.
Don't be stupid.
Book. We need you.
We never should have
left you behind.
You did what you had to do.
I deserved it.
Sit down.
You remember the moment you left
me? You told me to have faith.
Right?
Well. the thing is. I. uh…
I didn't.
and it wrecked me.
Seeing you walk away. thinking
I'd never see you again…
Was. uh…
But life is funny 'cause
here I am talking to you.
I'm really grateful for that.
We've known each other too long.
Yeah. so many things I
left unsaid all the time.
When you get to do things
over and over again.
forever. without
expiration date. that's…
That's where you forget to
say things to one another.
I'd love an expiration date.
You know why?
'Cause it gives meaning.
What I mean is.
maybe this is the perfect
time for Quynh to be back.
You wish for something
for so long…
But it's just not that simple.
She's betraying you out of hurt.
It's not over yet.
We always make it through.
Have a little faith. Andy.
And get some sleep.
She let you down again.
I'm sorry.
I pulled you from the ocean
because I needed you by my side.
You may have lost Andromache.
but you don't have to be alone.
How can I help you. Quynh?
I want them to suffer.
Andromache and the
others. they will.
No.
Everyone.
That I can help you with.
Drop your weapons.
Show me what you got.
Really?
Why not?
I might be a couple
of hundred years old.
but I can still teach
you a thing or two.
Oh. you're gonna teach
me something? All right.
Okay. Book.
Hey. Tuah.
You're just in time to watch
me school this old man.
-Go easy on me. It's been a while.
-Mm-hmm.
Perhaps you're not
ready for this. Booker.
All right.
How am I doing. Tuah?
You're a natural.
I would like a chance too.
Nah. let me play a little.
I insist.
All right.
Shit.
Argh!
Sorry. Book.
No. it's all right.
That was fun.
I'm gonna take care of this.
All right.
I'll be back.
You shouldn't have done that.
I told you it was just a theory.
Only a theory.
I can already tell.
It's… it's not healing.
Then we don't have
much time left.
Remember. it must
be given willingly.
Tuah. you understand
Andy can't know about this.
She can't.
Promise me.
They're just outside Jakarta.
We need to get everyone
together in the library.
I'll be right there.
You do something stupid again?
Yeah. well. you know me.
As usual.
Copley wants us to
meet downstairs.
All right.
You okay?
Yeah.
It's just been a while.
you know. It's not for me.
Meet you downstairs.
The nuclear facility
is a black site.
Privately owned by the
Chinese on Indonesian soil.
It's not meant to exist.
The confusion could be helpful.
Yes.
This is the security footage that
my contacts were able to obtain
before all outside
contact was cut off.
We have to assume that
her black ops team
has full control of the system.
from the control room
to the coolant chamber.
Now. look at the
large structure here.
It's the core.
It appears that. inside here.
they've. uh.
planted a device.
We should assume that it could
create an explosion that would…
Breach the facility.
And irradiate the entire area.
Ten million people.
They've planted shaped charges
capable of incapacitating
any one of you
for an extended and
vulnerable period of time.
It's a trap.
Discord is using
the bomb like bait.
She knows we'll try to stop her. and
we're playing right into her hands.
That's exactly what she told me.
She wants us.
All of us.
Whatever their motives
are. a bomb is a bomb.
And both of them are willing to
blow it to get what they want.
We don't have a choice.
We have to go.
Gear up.
Thanks.
Do you remember that game we used to
play in Ireland at the Cliffs of Moher?
Yeah.
Running towards the edge?
See who chickens out first?
You never gave up.
No.
Talk to me.
I can't shake this fear. Nicky.
And what are you afraid of?
We could end.
You know. Andromache. she
walks 3.000 years alone
before she found Quynh.
But me and you. we were
together from the start.
I can't look at us and
believe it is arbitrary.
Things end.
What I feel when I see you.
when I see your heart…
That's truly immortal.
It would be ill-advised
to discharge any firearm in
the vicinity of the core.
James. negative contact.
Yeah. that means you'll
meet resistance further in.
Remember. we have to assume they
have our positions at all times.
Okay. doors on the south side.
Through them. up the stairs.
Stay along the wall and you're in
the upper levels of the reactor.
Any movement?
-Still nothing.
-Joe. anything on your side?
Negative contact
on this side too.
Shaped charge.
Expect additional small explosives
throughout the compound.
Maybe they're not stupid enough
to stay in a nuclear facility.
now that they've set
a bomb to blow it up.
Okay. they wanna
go hand-to-hand.
Remember. there's
always an asshole.
Go. go. go! Move!
Nicky. get up!
Get to the control
room. Open that door.
Copley. which way do we go?
All right. Okay. Down the
hall. through the corridor.
It'll wrap around
to the control room.
I found the asshole.
Andy!
Nile!
Nile?
If I can get into their system.
I can lead you to the bomb.
We haven't much time.
-The system has a firewall.
-Look for a manual override.
There's no manual
override. Copley.
This was her plan all along.
Discord wants to separate us.
Copley?
Tuah? Nicky? Joe?
Nile.
We're blocked.
This way.
Joe. Nicky. Nile!
They're gone. Book.
Discord is watching us.
Let's go.
She's controlling the doors.
She's trying to split us up.
Book. when this door opens.
you have to go first.
No. no. no. You go first.
They're gonna slaughter
me if I go out there.
You always go first.
I'm not joking.
Me neither. Andy.
What?
-I gave it to you.
-How?
Stay behind me.
I got my expiration date.
You have a purpose.
This is mine.
Book!
No! Book!
No!
Book!
Book. I…
Sébastien.
You're alone.
Give me the bomb. Quynh.
Just go with Discord.
Give her what she wants.
She wants us dead.
You stood with
Andy for centuries.
Centuries.
How could you betray
her like this?
You know nothing
about me and Andy.
What…
I'm not…
I'm not healing.
Quynh…
What have you done to me?
I didn't…
I'm sorry.
Shh.
It's okay.
Nile! Joe!
Nicky!
Tuah!
Is this where you tell me
that this isn't who I am?
I used to think it was
my job to save you.
But in the end.
each one of us has to decide
for ourselves who we really are.
Where is she taking them. Quynh?
Where?
I don't know.
Bags loaded. Let's go!
Circle around!
Your hand isn't healing.
You're mortal.
This had nothing to do with
immortal interference. did it?
Don't look at me like that.
Do you know what it's like
to wake up after an eternity
and find yourself
suddenly mortal?
Every minute
is a step towards death.
Time means nothing
until it means everything.
Time means nothing if
you give it no meaning.
Your friends don't have
much time left. Andromache.
That's your plan?
You're gonna kill them?
No.
Nile will.
She's a destroyer.
She can take their immortality…
And give it to me.
She'll never hurt them.
You think I'm gonna
give her a choice?
You think your life means
more than one of theirs?
To me. it does.
I suspect the first
few won't be willing.
And then again.
torture goes a long way.
I will come for them!
And when you do. the
playing field will be level.
There's a lot… I hate
about this century.
but this
I like.
I never knew Discord was mortal.
I'm gonna find them.
The only question is…
Are you gonna do what you do
best and fight by my side?
No.
You will fight by my side.
-Where do you think you're going?
-I always go first.
Not anymore. you don't.
Try and keep up.
-Oh yeah?
-Yep.
♪ I could feel it
I won't come down ♪
♪ Found myself above the sky ♪
♪ Tell my mama. tell my daddy ♪
♪ That love is
falling from the sky ♪
♪ La. la. la-la. la-la ♪